[Music]
yes
good afternoon good afternoon Emilio how are you doing well
as always here satiating falsifying
Rowling
a better moment if it was perfect let's see
let's solve what you've been
promising me that we're finally going to solve
a doubt that even we
had because of course there were
people who say that it can be done there are
other people who say that it can't be done
others that depend on the
autonomous community but of course the doubt is
planted and it is the fact that Antonio
David at the beginning of the year the same year
2016 when Rocío Carrasco gets married not
without these that he has the son already
in the patronage already in the bad patronage
without them having yet decided that the
child was going to stay with him the child is
about to turn 18 but he
still has a few months to go he has to
return it he doesn't return it in
September the mother doesn't insist
much either she doesn't go for him and on the island
finally the child comes of
age and would stay and the mother says
that she finds out that the child was already
registered there without her permission
and that you can only register and
this is supported by Telecinco this information
that you can only register with the
signature of both parents
okay well
today the Malaga city council is not going to say it
the Malaga city council is going to be
if it is possible it is not possible
and now we are going to see because although I
have written it we are going to look for it to see
the first thing that
127 the 127 is at the top
because I wanted to know that it was the 127
drugged although he has it if
he was not sleeping he was there well look it is in
the trials on affiliation it will be
admissible for the investigation of
paternity and maternity through
all kinds of evidence including
biological the judge will not admit the
claim without quotes that is presented in
principle of proof of the facts in which
June or in other words it is a biological test
of potato
well then
I call it would be recommended that you
return to the university if you have
ever been there but maybe to
a car Emilio what you were referring to yes
we are looking for one but with
Galician plates the pse to  127 men yes but
with Galician registration I don't like it
we are looking for it my goodness
the information has to be given well if you
go to a program it's like Ángela Portero said the other
day it's
not that on Telecinco it's not that it's about you
already have collaborators who
are breaking their backs defending
what they want them to defend
because you study journalism to
learn the truth and to transmit
truthful information when you hire such and such
but what they do is their job it's
no longer journalism because their job is to
see what gymnastics they can do to
turn things around so that it
fits with Rosarito
yes of course so
well we start in the census we
start in the new census you want
I but even though that your opinion of
mine as to why he registered him at that
time I can also explain to you
why more or less because it
seems to me exactly the same and at the
same time and with a line of the
same age is that I forgot maybe okay
look from what he sent you of the
screenshots of others sent by the
First, it says 67 98
garden time or the golden base of the local regime
we have it on screen
there it is in article 15 the law that
regulates this so what is clear
is that if a person is going to live
or plans to live in that house, they
are obliged but it forces them
to live in the register of the municipality in which they
habitually reside, for which reason
the law must be complied with, nothing
else has to enter, it is because I thought I had to
live there, we will see that
later, okay, the register forces you because it is
important because in
the municipalities they take a part of the
money that comes from the state, which is
a proportional part of the VAT for the
number of people who
have the municipality is income and
also they do not have to send it to the INE
because they are obliged, all this is
there, I have only put a
little bit above,
a little bit from the INE because to
foresee the schools, the
educational centers, everything, everything that is what
compensates for the fact that people are
registered and there are
many people who, with the issue of personal income tax,
look for the register to stay in the house that
is most expensive because in this way it will be degraded
as a habitual residence
even in times in small towns
during
election times in sound on the register six
months before what the law says to be
able to vote there in the town in the absence of
what normally happens
then the town halls to cut
all this they
want to ratify that people live there.
In the next bill that I have put
this well I put something from article 59
in which it is clear is that the
town hall when crossing the line when
you register
in a municipality then you receive the
INE card in addition he would vote in
the next one with which he was to
receive the INE card saying that
now being registered they enter a site and at the same
time the INE communicates with another
owner who is
deregistered in that
municipality with which the INE had to
communicate that no, that it did not
arrive
because they communicate the deregistrations we will determine
how long you can do that, I do not know, it would not
take long because if he was
close to 18
something else that they put in the mailbox he would
not see it what she
normally wants is the census card
that they send you at the time of the
addresses in which  People tell you
when they have to vote and no, normally
she gets it, she should have gotten it
in those months, the cancellation, a
notification that she is no longer
registered and the boy
normally they arrive normally, the
normal thing is, it's a man, especially being a
minor, not saying his son above all I
feel less, in this case they
arrived here where I live now, the
three of the three of the four that
we registered from Lopera is at the other
address and it arrived to me it's been
like that two years
now in the next one in the next one
images of article 57 if you go down a
little
and I don't know if you have the link directly
if I can explain it because we see an
image in the image it doesn't click on it
then we are going to do it with the
instructions that we have of the tree
saying if it
enters they put goals of Malaga city council
in google I put Malaga city council
Malaga to go to the Malaga city council website
ok
in Malaga city council beta the
page yes
now go to the electronic headquarters that
is at the top the normal blue boxes at the
top
now icons appear there is one that says
icons for procedures and management
ok
and now they appear  more icons and there's one
that we are at the bottom that says and says
available procedures the
available procedures of the last ones but well, to
the little figures our milliliters it
seems to me that it is to put us in
available procedures if which of them
available procedures prosecutor applied in that
available procedure are all no no there is
one that says you put population cone and
census
yes it will
guide you that you have to go to
page 2 it has below in one in two
past page 2 below you have to
go to the
past
and now there is one that tells you
register of inhabitants registration the
change of address in those tables
downloading
registration and change of address
from the computer
and now it continues going down
and there is one that says necessary documents
okay
the link is the small one it says
documentary necessary documentation
treatment of discharge and put the minors
you have to go down there is a paragraph
a little further down
[Music]
here the minors the minors later it will
tell you in such a way
administrative documentation of representation of
incapacitated minors unemancipated minors
yes okay
start to put that you need
family book birth certificate
pregnancies separation or divorce the
court ruling that certifies her
custody that she only has
Antonio David has her
regulatory agreement in which they also have
shared custody to which they could
live in either house
in addition to the children of 16 years old that is
why maybe when from 17 onwards to
15 I think that is when the judge asks for the child to be
returned to the mother there are times
when the father can send a
statement or the child declare
that he wants to live with the father then
many times the judge in that case takes it
into consideration and that is why maybe not
only that that
is a figuration and that is why maybe he was
not returned but anyway let's
continue here when the
registration of a minor is requested with only one of
the parents,
the authorization of the other must be presented
okay that is what they say for
the registration accompanied by a
photocopy of the DNI of est stay away from what you
say but now you will see what it says or
without default a
responsible and signed declaration by the
person making the request to have
custody of the minor and
sufficient legal capacity to do so  Your
registration according to the model provided
by the city council makes a
responsible declaration in what is done in the
lives of
children who manifest to live with him,
present the papers and then
the city council does what they usually do
sometimes that is not check this
responsible declaration and the
municipal police to the area of ​​​​the house and
call to improve the neighbors of the and
make some arrangements to find out if the
child lives in Baena, this which does not require
the signature,
let's go, he did it in fact close and he did it,
presented his regulatory agreement,
presented his responsible declaration to
the city council fire of verified it or did not
go beyond checking it and the registers did not have to
make any documentary falsification
another thing is that they were registered,
of which he did not need to make
documentary falsification is what they accuse him of
total 100 here at the city council
these are the requirements, of course, these are
the requirements that the
Malaga city council asks you for on its website
electronic headquarters that you need
responsible declaration and that you have to
do it in a notary
also like the sworn declaration no no
no the responsible declaration is a
document that is a model that by
supplying it to you it is put according to the
document supplied by the
city council  It's like an instance, it's
like, let's see, this one of the
responsible declarations came out in the administrative procedure
because when before you asked for example for
a building permit or an
occupancy permit and things took
forever, for another until they went to
check it, then the money,
things have been going on for a long time, of the
responsible declarations where you say
that you declare that you meet all the
requirements, okay, that you have a
transition to a building permit that meets
all the requirements that you operate
in the business for example and then the
city council gives you the license at that
time with its statements and then
they have the power to go
check it normally to verify it
but you already have
your work open for that are the
responsible declarations but it's an
instance that the city council gives you it
's a type of distance models called
'responsible declaration'
you make a responsible declaration that you
are complying with these procedures and
that faithful to the truth what it establishes and
if she does it the child is
registered here has his regulatory agreement
and is ready
and then in the registers another
slanderous insinuation with yes because he did
not make a false document, he does not
need it, it's like that  how is it done and also Vicente
was already
responsible relationships at this time and it is in
order Goyo registration Malaga city council
concentrated and because you want you already
know how central Malaga city council
if it is here is the information in it you
have it on the official website of the
Malaga city council have you seen
how we entered the
electronic headquarters and here you can get all
the information you need look at the
necessary documentation to
register a minor
they have had it super easy in salvame yes yes they
had wanted to know the truth but of
course surely the truth and that there
were the city council from the mind to the
team exactly the same because it happened to me I
was in a hurry to get on
the line because of school and his mother hadn't had
it until next week is
responsible for any problem
very well done
and because the child in that time compared
not for March May for there is school March
in the schools
in addition to the small ones it
is from those of November to the little one
this one he would finish I imagine although that
is what he finished it is mandatory
at 15 years old
and that is what he has done from what it seems he is an
administrative management technician that
is a medium degree of vocational training
but of course  that starts at
16 and it is from 16 to 17
because the child finishes at 15 and is
with his mother for 2 years without going anywhere, no
question is that maybe that is not what should be
asked, I have not been to a
wedding,
the child already finishes that yes,
compulsory secondary education at 15 years old
because it would end in September,
turning 16 is no longer valid from then on he
could have already enrolled in a
degree
because he was not enrolled in a degree
and now two years behind because
otherwise he would have done the baccalaureate and
then he would have done a higher degree
but what he has done is a technical intermediate degree
in administrative management, that is
passed from Calabria onwards, you would have to
ask him what he did online
in these two years from 16 to 18
but then his father what did he do, well
in the registrations although it is given
in 18 the registrations are in the month of
June at the beginning of June, yes that is when
the registration begins, the registration is in
March, not the schools, not the schools
when
these finish in June, the intermediate degrees
the normal school in March calls has
a good teacher who gives you very little time
these arrive another thing because that has a
waiting list this is they give you the
average level
of registration in June then you have a
waiting list in which you can
present allegations and we see September
another waiting list until September you
can be maturing but of course what
happens he comes from another autonomous community
he has his identification number
the day they call
but he has his file in Madrid
so in order to register he would
have to I imagine but because
education is a competence delegated to
the autonomous communities
then he would surely have to request
a transfer of
educational file to Andalusia
valuable it takes a while and the first thing they
would ask him for would be the registration I
was thinking is the registration procedure
to request the transfer of the file to be
able to register in June people say
say cuásar so a father with
shared custody can register without
the consent of the other parent
only with a sworn statement if
the mother does something by proposing of course to
oppose
but if only you have to
fight it
and she does not
return it almost at about 18
I  I think what she did is that she would send
a grand jury to give
testimony or something from the child saying that she
wanted the impulse to and from the
age of 15, surely the judge who was in
charge would take the statements into consideration,
surely the purpose is such
that he protects because you take a
regulatory agreement to the prosecutors who at that
time is the legal guardian of the children
and is the one who looks after them and also when I
saw her Antonio is very well armed
judicially and again the leg
is like word speculation but I
imagine that it would be something like that
apart from being registered he is not
registered he could that does not prevent anything from
going to give receive for his father the time
that is necessary then each part
or she when when he
evidently he had to answer something
when the judge was asking him to
execute the sentence and to return
the child then he would surely
hand over something and would hand this over
therefore she surely knows that this was
the answer so that the child was
about to turn 18 and the child would say
that and also
[Music] she
has silenced the other one and the other
cannot answer her and  refute anything and
in addition I would even present to the judge at
the school registration
that he was going to study there
on that date yes of course that's why I tell you
money so that it is good or not I give you
in account because it can happen so that it is
good bad or not each one
thinks but come on what I would
consider here is not that the child was a
party it was not a wedding it is that the child
studied something or the child did not study
anything it is that with his mother I do not know what she
thought but she did not have him two years without
studying
and I tell them that I have to propose
to Antonio David to
take him a counter documentary
in such a way I have to propose these to the
SEO and I love it I do not charge anything
for this we do it [ __ ] great maybe
at some point I will agree
with Rocío it happens later
in that for example I do not know surely
the inheritance either because the inheritance
I have the doors open to
listen to her always of
course,
for example Ortega if I believe that in
some episodes he could in some
things of the episodes so he could be
right but of course you go
taking it and he goes dismantling
it everywhere  that you are being and when a
person lies to you so many times well
you have all studied the opportunity to
listen to the keys and in this matter he is
right the entire broadcast of the documentary
while while it has been
paid you have seen that I have been
giving him the vote of confidence
this can't be like this hey but she
sees it like this hey but they are trying to get rid
of her but in the end it is that she leaves it is
falling apart man everything is
clear I the other inheritance although we do not
value it
I believe that there were three victims
victims were voluntarily but
well we looked at that in the episode
but
also this their lawyer
had to know so they are
lying deliberately
okay so when
when that episode comes we
will talk talking we
talked when that one was coming I don't know it's that
I am not seeing them again
because I have not seen them again I spoke
with Juan on the phone Juan López de
Zárate to download a live today also
at night of the documentary and they the cat
is today the 4 the 5 and the 4 is 5 the
open and of course they are
putting them in two  In two, if they go, of
course, for the race, he wants to
get rid of it, man, because he's not
having what he should have
and there are fleas.
A hug, Emilio, and a round of applause. A round of applause
through the Malaga city council.
A hug, king. Thank you very much, always,
man, you never disappoint.
Come on.